[datadog_service_level_objectives] Update docs to clarify primary time frame fields (#1774)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/service_level_objective.md

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of this service level objective.

> - `force_delete` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether this monitor can be deleted even if it's referenced by other resources (e.g. dashboards).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `force_delete` (Boolean) A boolean indicating whether this monitor can be deleted even if it's referenced by other resources (for example, dashboards).
```

- `groups` (Set of String) A static set of groups to filter monitor-based SLOs
- `monitor_ids` (Set of Number) A static set of monitor IDs to use as part of the SLO
- `query` (Block List, Max: 1) The metric query of good / total events (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--query))
- `tags` (Set of String) A list of tags to associate with your service level objective. This can help you categorize and filter service level objectives in the service level objectives page of the UI. Note: it's not currently possible to filter by these tags when querying via the API

> - `target_threshold` (Number) The objective's target in `(0,100)`. This must match the corresponding thresholds of the primary time frame

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `target_threshold` (Number) The objective's target in `(0,100)`. This must match the corresponding thresholds of the primary time frame.
```

Author: Fixed in [f421d46](https://github.com/DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog/pull/1774/commits/f421d461db0f71dfc3420048e70cf560ee979b8d)
